rapid2STORM v1.3 - dSTORM analysis and data acquisition software
PicoQuant GmbH - Dec. 2009


Note:
=====
If a network license was purchased, the software installation of the
Hardlock drivers for each client terminal is identical to the installation
described below, whereas the Hardlock network module must be connected
to a computer, which is network-accessible from all PCs, which will run the
rapid2STORM software. For this computer the Hardlock driver installation
is different from the usual procedure. Please refer to the documentation
in the subfolder Hardlock\Network and contact your network administrator 
if necessary.

Disclaimer

PicoQuant GmbH disclaims all warranties with regard to this software 
and associated documentation including all implied warranties of 
merchantability and fitness. In no case shall PicoQuant GmbH be 
liable for any direct, indirect or consequential damages or any material 
or immaterial damages whatsoever resulting from loss of data, time 
or profits arising from use or performance of this software.


License and Copyright Notice

With this product, you have purchased a license to use the rapid2STORM 
software on a single PC. You have not purchased the software itself. 
The software is protected by copyright and intellectual property laws. 
You may not distribute the software to third parties or reverse engineer, 
decompile or disassemble the software or any part thereof. Copyright 
of this manual belongs to PicoQuant GmbH. No parts of it may be 
reproduced or translated into other languages without written consent 
of PicoQuant GmbH.


Trademark Disclaimer

Products and corporate names appearing in the rapid2STORM documentation
may or may not be registered trademarks or copyrights of their respective
owners. They are used only for identification or explanation and to the
owner’s benefit, without intent to infringe.


Installation 

rapid2STORM can be distributed on CD or via email. The setup distribution
file is

 setup.exe

If you received the setup file via email, it may be packed as a 
zip-file. Unzip that file and place the distribution file in a 
temporary disk folder. Start the installation by running setup.exe. You
need administrator privileges to install the software.

You also need to install the copy protection module on a USB port.

To uninstall the rapid2STORM package you need administrator privileges.
From the start menu select:  PicoQuant - rapid2STORM >  uninstall.
Alternatively you can use the Control Panel Wizard 'Add/Remove Programs'
(in some Windows versions this Wizard is called 'Software')
The Hardlock drivers must be uninstalled separately, also via the  Control 
Panel Wizard 'Add/Remove Programs' or 'Software'.


Contact and Support

PicoQuant GmbH
Rudower Chaussee 29
12489 Berlin, Germany
Phone +49 30 6392 6560
Fax   +49 30 6392 6561
email info@picoquant.com
